Now that we are experts with greed properly I would like to caution you though because currently everything
that we did is by using the fraction units.
And please don't thing that all the units are as awesome as the fraction units.
Now let me give you an example.
So what if we are going to change this to let's say 200 pixels.
So I'm going to have a column layout with three columns being two hundred pixels so I can write 200
pixels pixels pixels as well as the 200 pixels.
Now I am having my four column layer now the issue is that of course I have to start scroll horizontally.
And the reason is very simple because my columns are 200 pixels but also the hundred pixels I'm using
for my gap.
So as you can see since we are using absolute values it's not as easy as when we were using in fact
the fractions as fractions were responsible.
And when we were using fractions Well we in fact made our columns smaller.
If our gap was bigger because when we're using fractions we're using the available space.
Now in this case we're just saying you know what.
Give me right now the column of 200 pixels and then add this grid gap.
So that's probably not the look that you would want.
So that's the reason why fraction units are so awesome because in fact they use the rest of the space
and you're probably thinking OK so let's say our MS or MS or pixels are not going to work but we could
use 25 percent because let's say we would want a four come layout.
So why don't we use percentages.
OK.
Let's start out you know what just to make it easy so we don't have to type five or I'm sorry four values
for the four columns.
Well why don't we try to come up because the basic idea is going to be the same.
So I'm going to go with 50 percent and 50 percent and let's save it.
And again I have an issue and again I have the same thing where I am using 50 percent but then we're
adding this hundred pixels.
OK.
Now this is the case where again why we would want to use a fraction because with fraction we're using
the rest of the space when we're setting up with 50 percent we're saying OK you know what.
Give me this column 50 percent.
But then in fact we are not doing math behind the scenes.
And when we say we of course I'm talking multiyear says good because here says grid is the awesome tool
that does the math behind the scenes where it says OK you wanted a two fraction layout fine but you
also want it the gap so that way.
I'm going to have to make my column smaller so that's when I said that most likely you're going to set
up with a fractions is the case where as you start adding let's say gap you'd probably want your columns
to be nicely evenly spaced depending on high how wide or how high you would want your rose to be correct.
So that's the reason when you have to be careful as you're setting up also the gap.
Most likely if you don't want to do any kind of math behind the scenes or not maybe just behind the
scenes let's say you want to do any kind of math at all.
Well you're going to have to use a fraction in this fraction here that is going to do all the hard work
and heavy lifting for you.
So we have to come out easy and just have a 100 pixels that is evenly divided and we're good to go.